# Mind-The-Gap
This repository is a backup for a game I'm working on called Mind The Gap. The final game will be a multiplayer 'first to the objective' style of game taking place in a subway network. The players will be spawned in at a random station within the subway network. The players will then be given the final station (the objective). You will then have to navigate the procedural subway network to get to the final station before everyone else. 

Each time you start a new round, a brand new subway map is created with procedural generation. First, an array of points are generated. Each point is assigned a random value from a Perlin Noise texture. The points with the highest values are selected to become stations. This next step is kind of convuluted and I may change it in the future. I use a seperate package called GeneticSharp, that uses a genetic algorithm to solve what is essentially a TSP (Traveling Salesman Problem). The algorithm will find the shortest path between the selected points. This path is the path that the trains will follow to get from station to station. This path is then used to draw a Besier Curve, that the train follows around. The subway network has now been generated.

This project is very early on, and I've only been working on it for a couple weeks. The path between stations is being correclty calculated, but I'm still working on the Bezier Path. I'm currently using a seperate package for the Bezier Path creation, but I plan to swap this out for my own solution that better fits my needs in the future.
